Adds Overview of job output with some images to help. (#12510)
ansible/awx: awx/ui/docs/JobOutput.md

## Overview of the feature/screen. Summary of what it does/is

Joboutput is a feature that allows users to see how their job is doing as it is being run.
This feature displays data sent to the UI via websockets that are connected to several different end

> points in the API.

Reviewer: endpoints is one word.

> Generally speaking the job output has 2 different states that result in different functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The job output has 2 different states that result in different functionality.
```

> The first state the output could be in is when the job is actively running. During this time there is limited

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first state the output could be in is when the job is actively running. During this time, there is limited
```

functionality because of how the job events are processed when they reach the UI. While the job is running, and

> output is coming into the UI we turn off the following features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
output is coming into the UI, the following features turn off:
```

1. [Search](#Search)- The ability to search the output of a job.
2. [Expand/Collapse](#Expand/Collapse)- The ability to expand and collapse job events, tasks, plays, or even the

>    job itself. The only part of the job ouput that is not collapsable is the playbook summary (Only jobs that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   job itself. The only part of the job ouput that is not collapsable is the playbook summary (only jobs that
```

   are executed from a Job Template have Expand/Collapse functionality).

> We turn on the following features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following features are enabled:
```

> 1. Follow/unfollow - If you are `Following` this means that you are streaming the output ont the screen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow/unfollow - `Following` indicates you are streaming the output on the screen
```

Reviewer: Is it `Following` or just `Follow`?

Author: `Follow`

>    as it comes into the UI. If you see some output that you want to examine closer, while the job is running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   as it comes into the UI. If you see some output that you want to examine closer while the job is running,
```

>    scroll to it, and click `Unfollow`, and the output will stop streaming onto the screen. This feature is only

Reviewer 2: The UI will stop following as soon as the user scrolls up

>    scroll to it, and click unfollow, and the output will stop streaming onto the screen. This feature is only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   scroll to it, and click `Unfollow`, and the output will stop streaming onto the screen. This feature is only
```

   enabled when the job is running and is not complete.

> 2. Page up and page down buttons- These buttons allow you to navigate quickly up and down the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Page up and page down buttons - Use these buttons to navigate quickly up and down the output.
```

   The first two buttons scroll up or down.

>    ![Running job](images/JobOutput-running.png)

Reviewer: It would be more helpful to the reader if the image was annotated (with arrows or a box around) pointing to the buttons you are describing here.

> After the job is complete we remove the Follow/Unfollow button, and allow for Expand/Collapse and Search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the job is complete, the Follow/Unfollow button disables, and the Expand/Collapse and Search button enables.
```

![Finished job](images/JobOutput-complete.png)

Not all job types are created equal. Some jobs have a concept of parent-child events. Job Events can be inside a Task,

> and a Task can be inside a Play, and a Play is inside a Playbook. We take advantage of this concept and enable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a Task can be inside a Play, and a Play inside a Playbook. Leveraging this concept to enable
```

> Expand/Collapse for these job types, so that the user can make children of a particular line of output collapse and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expand/Collapse for these job types, allows you to collapse and hide the children of a particular line of output. 
```

> disappear. This parent-child event relationship only exists on jobs executed from a job template. All other types of jobs do not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parent-child event relationship only exists on jobs executed from a job template. All other types of jobs do not
```

> have this event concept and therefore do not have Expand/Collapse functionality. By default all job

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have this event concept, and therefore, do not have Expand/Collapse functionality. By default, all job
```

1. When an event comes into the output that has a parent, but the parent hasn’t arrived yet.

> 2. When an event that has children arrives in output, but the children are not present yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When an event with children arrives in output, but the children are not yet present.
```

## Expand/Collapse

> ### Expand collapse a single event- how it works and how it changes the state object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Expand collapse a single event - how it works and how it changes the state object
```

> ### Expand collapse all- how it works and how it changes the state object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Expand collapse all - how it works and how it changes the state object
```
